Login: Update greeting customization (v17 + v18) (#8071)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 17/umbraco-cms/model-your-content/content-types-and-structure/backoffice/login.md

The login screen features a greeting text: The "Welcome" headline. This can be personalized by overriding the existing language translation keys.

> To override the greetings, register a 'localization' manifest for the default language of your Umbraco site (usually en-US). Provide the new strings inline under `meta.localizations`:

Reviewer: A suggestion to maintain the steps.

```suggestion
1. Register a 'localization' manifest for the default language of your Umbraco site (default: en-US).
2. Provide the new strings inline under `meta.localizations`:
```

            "type": "localization",
            "alias": "Login.Localize.EnUS",
            "name": "English",
            "meta": {
                "culture": "en-US",
                "localizations": {
                    "auth": {
                        "instruction": "Log in again to continue",
                        "greeting0": "Happy super Sunday",
                        "greeting1": "Happy manic Monday",
                        "greeting2": "Happy tubular Tuesday",
                        "greeting3": "Happy wonderful Wednesday",
                        "greeting4": "Happy thunderous Thursday",
                        "greeting5": "Happy funky Friday",
                        "greeting6": "Happy Caturday"
                    }
                }
            }
        }
    ]
}
```
{% endcode %}

> This will override the default greetings with the ones you provide. The login screen will now display "Happy super Sunday" instead of "Welcome" on a Sunday. (These are the day-specific greetings the backoffice shipped with before v13 — a nostalgic drop-in replacement for the plain "Welcome".)

Reviewer: I do appreciate the nostalgic reference here, but the code example is enough, right?
If you've been around the community for a while, you'll recognize the greetings without the mention here in the text.

```suggestion
Adding the code above will override the default greetings with the ones you provide. The login screen will now display "Happy super Sunday" on Sundays instead of "Welcome".
```

{% hint style="info" %}

> For larger overrides, point `js` at a separate file (`"js": "/App_Plugins/Login/en-us.js"`) instead of using `meta.localizations` inline. The file should export a default object with the same `{ group: { key: value } }` shape.

Author: This is acceptable use
